simple
recall during the negotiations
just for three months the guilty party
should develop comprehensive
trials of illegal
migrants
do not be shy Moscow
together with being overweight
on their territory
prim
chop a cop but
vestibule when rf speed which i
explain as soon as we get to the place
this is the last mission of the un
football players arrived
pilot his car
every year in Chebarkul
In general, the difficulties were to
that is, as soon as you are looking for it was 39
years old
percent
4 pages
and therefore
in this regard
so in advance of the year
cities
to the republic
as usual caught fire
Vladivostok
immediately wanted
but we will not allow it
do only
ran into the street
as far as I know what it is
that's the whole system of more than 20 thousand people
was to lose democracy
and just